Kirby Overman
CSCI-305

10. The main 'problem' that I see with the song titles is that they become repetitive after the first two or three words. Some phrase that repeats an awful lot is 'the world is a little girl in...'. This phrase has some really common wordswords that are likely to come up very frequently.

14. So many titles devolve into repeating patterns because many titles have common propositions or the seemingly ubiquitous combination 'you are'. When one of these appears, they simply repeat in a loop, i.e. 'you' leads to 'are' and 'are' leads back to 'you'.

15. Amore terminates after only six words.

16. In order to fix then repetitive phrasing problem, I just changed my song variable from string to array, and then checked for inclusion. In other words, I append each word to an array, but before appending, I check to see whether or not the word is already in the array. If the word is already included, then I break from the loop and return the song up to that point. 

17. montana sacra nova scotia

18. bob marley vs world is in my heart

19. bob marley vs world is my heart. My solution to the repetitive phrasing problem is deterministic.

20. My favorite song title is 'bands interlude 2 b flat major op 11 bagatelles solo tu amor de la vida es el'

21. What I like about ruby is the implementation of global variables for errors and regex. It makes it especially useful for a lab like this and for any kind of debugging.

22. I dislike the looping structures of ruby. Admittedly this is because it is unique relative to the other languages that I am familiar with. That being stated, I don't feel as if anything is gained by the .each style loop structures. It feels unncessary.

23. I did enjoy this lab. My favorite part was easily developing the regex for the first part of the lab. Coming up with the regex is simply a fun puzzle.

24. I spent about eight hours on this lab.

25. I likely won't be using Ruby again. It is nothing against the language itself, its just that I work primarily with embedded systems, robotics, and dynamic control systems. As a result, I spend most of my time with C and C++. When I do find need for a scripting language, I generally resort to python because it has more developed mathematical and scientific libraries than Ruby while also being compatible with a framework that I frequently work with.
